as everyone knows him and boxer ys
died has not yet left the
update all this by exposing the
julián update since it appears is
but I'm going to teach them to
update it and put it in a program
this book ignored with the 61-60 chip and
something not the 3001 crescent that was also
that I have a program that put the
partner
who are using all as for
transform your
we had
in that 3100 true that I do not have
compressed
we will not like
I'm going to open it
and once I 'm going to open it now
full
and what am I going to do I'm going to occupy is I'm going to
open the three true
and the only thing I'm going to do now is going to
be change the policy
then in this case they were being very much
I'll put
choose
Y
with my card that I have here
I'm going to put ebooks
I have a vulva not easy in team
stern and books with five in established
and we are going to press
choose and once we have that what
we connect the current
in this case
To sign
I am
and we connect the current this and
let's see what is going to start going
to erase
already
then we disconnect from the current like this
we change the 'airis'
download we search the files in this
If the file does not appear, the file does not appear
zoom
but we're going to give and we change it for the
art
and so now this once
like today
it seems to me a program I took it from here
do not take what I asked for here then we go
put the where to try
in this case the bus brings this chip or the
new that x 61 02 already but there is a nexus
old that brings in this case the other
chip the gx 3001 in this case as not me
and let him go and go and I have the one
put and I'm going to load it and now
new I put my current there
let's hope it's going to be loading
remember that this new book with the
new chip
let's load
then I thought I had been working
following
to go down is the water and it's not me
once you load all this
you have to wait it takes a little bit but
I'm doing it without cutting so that
you realize that there is not one
pillería or anything that can be
and as you can prove you can
transform apc 40 bs 30 are and view
the 2 that you want can put them
so alive he has not died
so that we all have something
apparently they say there was a new
updates alarms and what can
do so they go down in everything on the internet
google and look for solution
and you
and it seems that the solution is to change the
laws among a thousand always
anything you have to see that if I do not
they leave it on the little note and I put them in
the update
we see that it is already lengthening the down
already charged the tone now we close it
Miller closes that which now happened to be
a program here I have the gift in
serious to try
let's open select the file the
last of the 26 of the 7 of the 2013 and the
we open again
and we press load and now we do
unplug and plugged
again and we see that it's going to start
load
now we expect you to carry nothing else there
ah
and
the
same
and
we present our true
and we plug it back in
we verify that to turn on the light
and the light will remain fixed now as it
see the pro van all fixed and now what
let's go
the antenna of the past
we are going to need it to double goodbye to
Salt
of wifi with the drive and now let's see
how the track is working and we have
another vance
in the 13th
millions
something is not right not once
You've never had
most of the return channels of
new there are channels and there will be none
I hope you liked the study
Of course we are already with a computer
I live working as pro one
I hope you like your comments.
things thanks